Enable button for visibility of collaborator's cursor in presentation mode with enabled editing (#227)
nordeck/matrix-neoboard: .changeset/selfish-pans-switch.md

---
'@nordeck/matrix-neoboard-widget': minor
---

> Show the collaborators cursor in presentation mode if edit slide active

Reviewer: It sounds like cursors are shown during editing but this change adds a button that can be used to show the cursors.
```suggestion
Allows collaborators cursors to be shown in presentation mode if slide editing is enabled
```
